Add admin analytics to docs (#39189)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/admin_analytics.md

</aside>

The analytics section helps Sourcegraph administrators understand user engagement across the various Sourcegraph features, identify power users, and convey value to internal leaders. Introduced in version 3.42, the section includes analytics breakdowns for our most common features such as Batch Changes, Search Notebooks and search, while also providing basic user-level analytics. 

## Data Visualizations

The goal of these pages is to help administrators answer any question they might have about how features are being used within their Sourcegraph instance. So far, we have introduced pages for Search, Batch Changes, Code Intel, Search, and Search Notebooks, as well as a general users page. 

Each page can visualize the past one week, the past one month, or the path three months of data. For graphs that show user data, the graph can toggle between total users or unique users.

These graphs pull directly from the event log table within the Sourcegraph instance they are running. There should not be an increase to the storage on disk of these tables due to these new features. Further, no data beyond published ping data is sent back to Sourcegraph. 

## Value Calculators

> Each page also includes calculators to help administrators measure the value that Sourcegraph is bringing to their organization. These calculators pull relevant information from your events table (ex: number of precise code intel events such as a go-to-definition) and multiply by the number of minutes saved per event (configurable by you!). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each page also includes a total time saved value which can be used to measure the value Sourcegraph is bringing to your organization. This metric is derived from the configurable calculators below the total time saved value. Each calculator multiplies event log data (ex: number of precise code intel events such as a go-to-definition) by a configurable number of minutes saved per event to arrive at a time saved by the feature.
```

We designed this to be configurable by you because we want to... 
 - help admins understand the value that is being seen by their organization today. 
 - be customizable so admins can explore what changes will best increase developer time saved.

> These calculators exist on the Search, Code Intel, Batch Changes, and Notebooks analytics pages. Each calculator looks different as they include metrics specifically designed for that part of the application. Please note that the calculator configuration does not save and will return to the default if you navigate away from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These calculators exist on the Search, Code Intel, Batch Changes, and Notebooks analytics pages. Each calculator looks different as they include metrics specifically designed for that part of the application. Please note that the calculator configuration does not save and will return to the default if you navigate away from the page.
```
